Add v5 release notes (#1456)
guardian/source: docs/release-notes/v5.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

<Meta
	title="Release notes/Source v5"
	parameters={{ previewTabs: { canvas: { hidden: true } } }}
/>

# What's new in v5.0.0

_tl;dr_

-	Introduces accessibility improvements discovered in the recent accessibility audit
-   The TypeScript libraries' API has not changed
-   Functionality and dependencies have not changed

This brings Source closer to WCAG 2.1 Level AA compliance.

## Changes

### Identifying Links and Buttons

Links and Buttons are distinctively identified as interactive elements by applying
 an underline to the text.

- Deprecate `subdued` styling in `<Link>` component. Give links marked as `subdued` an underline.
- Give `<Link>` component underline increased thickness on hover
- Give text-only `<Button>` components (`priority="subdued"`) an underline which increases in thickness on hover

> - Add 3px of space to focused `<Button>` components a slightly padded focus halo

Author: ![52-sense-this-picture-makes-none](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5931528/172388655-659a3ffa-8970-45a9-b1c7-3a059dcce314.jpeg)

-   Component APIs have not changed
-   Functionality and dependencies have not changed

This brings Source closer to WCAG 2.1 Level AA compliance.

## Migrating to v5

From a code perspective, v5 of Source is a drop-in replacement for v4. There are no
breaking API changes and functionality has not changed.

There are a number of updates that change the way Source components appear. There are
also some colour changes. 

Consumers are advised to ensure that the updated Source components and colours still work 
well with their products.

If a changed component or colour appears in automated visual regression tests (e.g. in
Chromatic), please review the changes before upgrading Source.

## Changes

### Identifying Links and Buttons

Links and Buttons are distinctively identified as interactive elements by applying
 an underline to the text.

- Deprecate `subdued` styling in `<Link>` component
- Give all links (including now-deprecated `subdued`) an underline.
- Increase the thickness of the `<Link>` component's underline on hover
- Give text-only `<Button>` components (`priority="subdued"`) an underline which increases in thickness on hover

> - Add 3px of space to focused `<Button>` components a slightly padded focus halo

Author: Does this make sense? I'm finding it hard to explain #1432 in a snappy way! 😅

```suggestion
- Add a small amount of spacing between the `<Button>` and the focus outline
```

Reviewer: very much so
